corridor(8) -- Tor traffic whitelisting gateway
=============================================

<span class="comment">
# Copyright (c) 2016, Patrick Schleizer (adrelanos@riseup.net)

# Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
# purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
# copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

# THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
# WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
# MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
# ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
# WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
# ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
# OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
</span>

<span class="comment">
# Not using angle brackets in copyright notice for e-mail address, because
# angle brackets would result in this file being non-deterministic. (There
# must be a bug in Debian wheezy in ruby-ronn.)
</span>

<span class="comment">
# Not using "##", because for some reason this comment would be visible in the
# resulting man page.
</span>

## SYNOPSIS

`corridor-data`

`corridor-init-forwarding`

`corridor-init-logged`

`corridor-init-snat`

`corridor-load-config`

`corridor-load-ipset`

`corridor-load-ipset-logged`

`corridor-load-ipset-relays`

`corridor-stop-forwarding`

`corridor-stop-snat`

## DESCRIPTION

corridor allows only connections to Tor relays to pass through (no clearnet
leaks!), but client computers are themselves responsible for torifying their
own traffic. In other words, it is a filtering gateway, not a proxying
gateway.

You can think of it as a fail-safe for your vanilla Tor Browser or Tails, for
your beautiful scary experimental Qubes proxying schemes, etc. Or invite the
hood to use your WiFi without getting into trouble.

## corridor-data

Keep track of acceptable Tor relays.

corridor-data script opens a Tor control connection and subscribes to
NEWCONSENSUS events (announcements listing all public relays), unless you
inform it of any bridges to use instead.

`corridor-data &`

## corridor-init-forwarding

Set up IP traffic forwarding.

`corridor-init-forwarding`

## corridor-init-snat

Set up Source NAT with iptables.

`corridor-init-snat`

## corridor-init-logged

Log attempted leaks from selected clients.
This command will block until corridor_relays gets populated!

`corridor-init-logged`

## corridor-load-config

Sanity test for the configuration folders. Also internally used by corridor.

`corridor-load-config`

## corridor-stop-forwarding
## corridor-stop-snat

Stop actions.

## corridor-load-ipset
## corridor-load-ipset-logged
## corridor-load-ipset-relays

Internally used by corridor.

## EXIT STATUS

_0_ Success.

_non-zero_ Failure.

## CONFIGURATION FOLDERS

`/etc/corridor.d` and `/usr/local/etc/corridor.d`

## WWW

https://github.com/rustybird/corridor

## DISCLAIMER

This package is produced independently of, and carries no guarantee from, The
Tor Project.

## AUTHOR

This man page has been written by Patrick Schleizer (adrelanos@riseup.net).

corridor has been written by Rusty Bird (rustybird@net-c.com).
